\chapter[Anti-harassment policy]{Anti-harassment policy}
\thispagestyle{emptyheader}
\setheaders{}{}

The open exchange of ideas, the freedom of thought and expression, and
respectful scientific debate are central to the aims and goals of a
NAACL conference. These require a community and an environment that
recognizes the inherent worth of every person and group, that fosters
dignity, understanding, and mutual respect, and that embraces
diversity. For these reasons, NAACL is dedicated to providing a
harassment-free experience for participants at our events and in our
programs. 

Harassment and hostile behavior are unwelcome at any NAACL
conference. This includes: speech or behavior (including in public
presentations and on-line discourse) that intimidates, creates
discomfort, or interferes with a personâ€™s participation or opportunity
for participation in the conference. We aim for NAACL conferences to
be an environment where harassment in any form does not happen,
including but not limited to: harassment based on race, gender,
religion, age, color, national origin, ancestry, disability, sexual
orientation, or gender identity. Harassment includes degrading verbal
comments, deliberate intimidation, stalking, harassing photography or
recording, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual
attention. 

It is the responsibility of the community as a whole to promote an
inclusive and positive environment for our scholarly activities. In
addition, any participant who experiences harassment or hostile
behavior may contact any current member of the NAACL Board or contact
Priscilla Rasmussen, who is usually available at the registration desk
of the conference. Please be assured that if you approach us, your
concerns will be kept in strict confidence, and we will consult with
you on any actions taken. 

The NAACL board members are listed at:

\url{http://naacl.org/officers/officers-2015.html}

The full policy and its implementation is defined at:

\url{http://naacl.org/policies/anti-harassment.html}
