%\addcontentsline{toc}{Chapter}{Joint NAACL/ICML Symposium}
\section[ACL Lifetime Achievement Award]{ACL Lifetime Achievement Award}
\thispagestyle{emptyheader}

\textbf{Date}: Wednesday, June 25, 2014 \\
\textbf{Time}: 5:00--6:30 PM \\
\textbf{Venue}: \PlenaryLoc

The ACL Lifetime Achievement Award (LTA) was instituted on the
occasion of the Association's 40th anniversary meeting.  The award is
presented for scientific achievement of both theoretical and applied
nature in the field of Computational Linguistics.  Currently, an ACL
committee nominates and selects at most one award recipient annually,
considering the originality, depth, breadth, and impact of the entire
body of the nominee's work in the field. The award is a crystal trophy
and the recipient is invited to give a 45-minute speech on his or her
view of the development of Computational Linguistics at the annual
meeting of the association.  As of 2004, the speech has been
subsequently published in the Association's journal, Computational
Linguistics.  The speech is introduced by the announcement of the
award winner, whose identity is not made public until that time.

Previous winners of the distinguished award have been: Aravind Joshi
(2002), Makoto Nagao (2003), Karen Spärck Jones (2004), Martin Kay
(2005), Eva Hajicová (2006), Lauri Karttunen (2007), Yorick Wilks
(2008), Fred Jelinek (2009), William A. Woods (2010), Eugene Charniak
(2011), Charles Fillmore (2012), and Jerry Hobbs (2013).

