SubmissionNumber#=%=#12
FinalPaperTitle#=%=#Short Text Clustering via Convolutional Neural Networks
ShortPaperTitle#=%=#Short Text Clustering via Convolutional Neural Networks
NumberOfPages#=%=#8
CopyrightSigned#=%=#Jiaming Xu
JobTitle#==#
Organization#==#Name: Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences
Address: No.95 Zhongguancun East Road, Haidian District, Beijing.
Abstract#==#Short text clustering has become an increasing important task with the
popularity of social media, and it is a challenging problem due to its
sparseness of text representation. In this paper, we propose a Short Text
Clustering via Convolutional neural networks (abbr. to STCC), which is more
beneficial for clustering by considering one constraint on learned features
through a self-taught learning framework without using any external
tags/labels. First, we embed the original keyword features into compact binary
codes with a locality-preserving constraint. Then, word embeddings are explored
and fed into convolutional neural networks to learn deep feature
representations, with the output units fitting the pre-trained binary code in
the training process. After obtaining the learned representations, we use
K-means to cluster them. Our extensive experimental study on two public short
text datasets shows that the deep feature representation learned by our
approach can achieve a significantly better performance than some other
existing features, such as term frequency-inverse document frequency, Laplacian
eigenvectors and average embedding, for clustering.
Author{1}{Firstname}#=%=#Jiaming
Author{1}{Lastname}#=%=#Xu
Author{1}{Email}#=%=#jiaming.xu@ia.ac.cn
Author{1}{Affiliation}#=%=#Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences
Author{2}{Firstname}#=%=#Peng
Author{2}{Lastname}#=%=#Wang
Author{2}{Email}#=%=#peng.wang@ia.ac.cn
Author{2}{Affiliation}#=%=#Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences
Author{3}{Firstname}#=%=#Guanhua
Author{3}{Lastname}#=%=#Tian
Author{3}{Email}#=%=#guanhua.tian@ia.ac.cn
Author{3}{Affiliation}#=%=#Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences
Author{4}{Firstname}#=%=#Bo
Author{4}{Lastname}#=%=#Xu
Author{4}{Email}#=%=#boxu@ia.ac.cn
Author{4}{Affiliation}#=%=#Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences
Author{5}{Firstname}#=%=#Jun
Author{5}{Lastname}#=%=#Zhao
Author{5}{Email}#=%=#jzhao@nlpr.ia.ac.cn
Author{5}{Affiliation}#=%=#Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences
Author{6}{Firstname}#=%=#Fangyuan
Author{6}{Lastname}#=%=#Wang
Author{6}{Email}#=%=#fangyuan.wang@ia.ac.cn
Author{6}{Affiliation}#=%=#Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences
Author{7}{Firstname}#=%=#Hongwei
Author{7}{Lastname}#=%=#Hao
Author{7}{Email}#=%=#hongwei.hao@ia.ac.cn
Author{7}{Affiliation}#=%=#Institute of Automation, Chinese Academy of Sciences

==========
