SubmissionNumber#=%=#24
FinalPaperTitle#=%=#CLPsych 2015 Shared Task: Depression and PTSD on Twitter
ShortPaperTitle#=%=#CLPsych 2015 Shared Task: Depression and PTSD on Twitter
NumberOfPages#=%=#9
CopyrightSigned#=%=#Kristy H Seitz
JobTitle#==#
Organization#==#The Florida Institute of Human and Machine Cognition (IHMC)
15 SE Osceola Ave
Ocala, FL 34471
Abstract#==#This paper presents a summary of the Computational Linguistics and Clinical
Psychology (CLPsych) 2015 shared and unshared tasks. These tasks aimed to
provide apples-to-apples comparisons of  various approaches to modeling
language relevant to mental health from social media. The data used for these
tasks is from Twitter users  who state a diagnosis of depression or post
traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and demographically-matched community
controls.  The unshared task was a hackathon held at Johns Hopkins University
in November 2014 to explore the data, and the shared task was conducted
remotely, with each participating team submitted scores for  a held-back test
set of users.  The shared task consisted of three binary classification
experiments: (1) depression versus control, (2) PTSD versus control, and (3)
depression versus PTSD. Classifiers were compared primarily via their average
precision, though a number of other metrics are used along with this to allow a
more nuanced interpretation of the performance measures.
Author{1}{Firstname}#=%=#Glen
Author{1}{Lastname}#=%=#Coppersmith
Author{1}{Email}#=%=#glen@qntfy.io
Author{1}{Affiliation}#=%=#Qntfy
Author{2}{Firstname}#=%=#Mark
Author{2}{Lastname}#=%=#Dredze
Author{2}{Email}#=%=#mdredze@cs.jhu.edu
Author{2}{Affiliation}#=%=#Johns Hopkins University
Author{3}{Firstname}#=%=#Craig
Author{3}{Lastname}#=%=#Harman
Author{3}{Email}#=%=#charman@jhu.edu
Author{3}{Affiliation}#=%=#Johns Hopkins University
Author{4}{Firstname}#=%=#Kristy
Author{4}{Lastname}#=%=#Hollingshead
Author{4}{Email}#=%=#hollingk@gmail.com
Author{4}{Affiliation}#=%=#IHMC
Author{5}{Firstname}#=%=#Margaret
Author{5}{Lastname}#=%=#Mitchell
Author{5}{Email}#=%=#memitc@microsoft.com
Author{5}{Affiliation}#=%=#Microsoft Research

==========